movie recap here today i will explain a
horror thriller movie called
mirror spoiler ahead so let's start
so the film starts with a strange scene
there was a security guard who was very
scared
he was running here and there while
running he reaches a room
there were some lockers and when they
see him they start opening
there were mirrors in those lockers that
man gets scared while seeing them
he says to them to forgive me meanwhile
a mirror among those mirrors breaks
a piece of it falls down now the
security guard we are shown in the
mirror picks up that piece and cuts his
neck with it
and in reality the security guard does
the same
and he dies now here the scene changes
and we are shown another story
there we see a boy ben and the police
were following him
while thinking that he has killed a
police officer that's why he was living
in his sister's house secretly
but how much time he could spend here
without a job so he starts searching for
a job for himself
he finds a store there was still a
vacancy he goes and meets with its owner
that store was in a building and that
was a strange building
it was burned a few years ago many
people were dead in it
this building was huge and deserted now
they have done the job of ben that what
he had to do
the owner of the store asks ben that you
have to keep clean the mirrors of this
building
i get irritated by the dirty mirrors
then ben says yes why not
he moves his home from there there was
his wife and his son
but his wife says to him that why you
come here hide in the place where you
are living
ben says to her that i am here to meet
my son
then there is a fight between them and
he leaves from there
here we also feel that ben was a very
aggressive person
for this purpose he was also taking
medicines the store in which ben get the
job it was at night time
there was no light at that place ben was
walking here and there with his torch
he sees a huge mirror there were
handprints on it
ben starts cleaning them but they were
not removing
he was feeling in the mirror that his
back door is opening
but when he sees it in reality it was
closed but he ignores this thing
the next night when he again comes to
his duty he sees those marks again on
that mirror
he thinks that maybe these were my
handprints as he touches the mirror it
breaks
the weird things start happening there
it seems like some people were burning
inside the mirror
ben also sets on that fire but when he
stares at himself he was all right
he thinks that maybe these are the
effects of the medicines
he finds a wallet from there and it was
the wallet of that human who was died
here
this means the previous guard of this
store he couldn't understand that what
is this happening
because still he was seeing the strange
things in the mirror
as the hand of a woman he lifts the
mirror and takes it with him
he starts seeing the other places in
that store there he sees a burnt lady
that was horrible on the other side the
son of ben was also seeing these things
in the mirror
but his mother says my son don't be a
worry go to sleep
one day ben receives a parcel with the
name of that security officer at home
there were many newspapers in it there
was the news in those newspapers that
how that building was burned
and many people died in it he asks that
owner that where is that security
officer
he tells him that he is dead ben becomes
worried
that who has to send him that parcel
ben's wife was a doctor in a hospital
there was that security guard's dead
body in that hospital
that was frozen ben takes his dead body
through his wife
but then the reflection of that security
guard scared him badly
now on the other side we see ben's
sister at home
she was taking off her earrings while
sitting in front of the mirror
but when she goes to take shower her
reflection stays in the mirror
that reflection was opening her mouth
completely and it starts bleeding
on the other side the mouth of ben's
sister opens itself
and she dies in the water after
returning home when ben sees it he
becomes heartbroken
and he understands that these mirrors
are mysterious he starts shooting those
mirrors while
going into that building but the
shocking thing is that those mirrors
make themselves fine again
ben starts weeping and he says that why
are you doing this to me
then a name was written in the mirror
the same name he finds in the wallet of
that security guard
this means these mirrors and the death
of the security guards are connected
with this name
but when he investigates he didn't find
any man with this name
he starts reading the newspapers it was
written in the newspapers that a man
willingly set that building on fire
he himself also burned badly in it he is
still alive and he is in a hospital
ben goes to meet him ben goes to meet
him and asks him that why he set that
building on fire
he says that i didn't have any bad
intentions behind it
i was irritated by those mirrors and the
name of the man they were writing to
again and again i couldn't find him
anywhere
due to this i was losing my family also
to destroy those mirrors i set that
building on fire
but it didn't affect those mirrors i
also burned in that fire
now ben understands that if he couldn't
find that man
his family will also be killed his life
is also at risk
ben says that i will come to know this
thing he goes to that building and
starts seeing here and there
he comes to know that it was a mental
asylum here the patients were tortured
badly
he comes to know this when he breaks a
wall from where the water was coming
he arrives at a place where was a chair
and it was surrounded by mirrors
it was the torture room of that hospital
here the patients were tortured badly
now ben calls his friend he was a
detective he tells him about the name of
this hospital and about this torture
room
he tells him that yes there was a case
on it i will give you a file
they meet and start talking to each
other that detective tells ben that
there was a patient in this mental
asylum named anna
they torture her a lot there was a
problem in her mind that she feels
everything quickly
her feelings hurt quickly that's why
they torture her willingly
one day all patients start attacking
anna due to which anna died
and other patients have also died this
hospital was banned
this hospital was sealed for always
after it there was a store constructed
on it
but that store was also not fine it was
burned and now the building is in front
of you
deserted and nobody visit here but the
parcel which ben received
he comes to know that anna has
discharged two days before that incident
this means the patients have not died
with anna ben was going insane while
thinking this
he researches more about it and says
that i will know that what had happened
on the other side ben's son was talking
to himself while sitting in front of the
mirror
when his mother sees it she says that
son why are you doing this
come here to me and when he goes to his
mother his mother sees that his
reflection is still in the mirror
seeing it she gets scared and calls her
husband means ben
ben says that i am coming don't go in
front of any mirror
after coming there he covers all the
mirrors and windows
he paints them now ben takes the address
of anna's house somehow
he comes to know from her family members
that she was actually mad
she was also very aggressive this means
she comes in anger hurriedly
she was sent to the hospital she was
tortured but she becomes all right
and after some time she returned home
but when she returned all the mirrors of
the house start doing weird activities
means the strange people seen in them
anna's condition again gets worse
then she was sent to a place where there
was no mirror
ben says that i will go to meet her she
is alive or not
now ben goes to that place and he sees
that anna was grown old now
ben starts talking to her there was a
wooden ned between them
ben asks anna will you come with me to
that mental asylum again
anna says no when i was tortured there
was a demon inside me
that demon was changed into several
demons and if i will go there again the
demons which are imprisoned in those
mirrors will again come inside me
ben gives her his family's sake that my
family is dying because of it
you have to come anna goes from there
while giving no answer to him
then ben points a gun at her he says
that no you have to come
on the other side we see that at night
ben's son was disappeared from his
mother
when his mother goes to search for him
she sees that there is water everywhere
and when she goes to the washroom a
reflection pulls her into the bathtub
and tries to kill her now upstairs in
the room when ben's daughter sees in the
mirror she sees her mother's reflection
that wasn't there in reality that
reflection was about to kill her
meanwhile ben's wife escaped her life
from there and comes upstairs
she saves her daughter from her
reflection then she again goes to search
for her son
she sees water at a place she sees her
son in its reflection
when she goes near him he injures her
with a knife
on the other side ben has taken anna
with him he brings her to that torture
room where was she tortured
he ties old anna with that chair after
it all the demons from the mirrors come
out ben himself comes out of that room
the demons return to anna's body again
due to which anna's body was blasted all
the mirrors break automatically
and finally there was no mirror left in
the building now anna was possessed
completely
her face was looking horrible she starts
jumping high
and she tries to attack ben but ben was
also continuously shooting her
then ben gets an idea he hits anna with
a pipe
that was a gas pipe and the gas started
leaking getting a chance from it
ben shoots at that site due to it that
place gets into the fire
and anna burns in it but anna's anger
wasn't finished yet
she starts making that building fall
down so that ben can die falling under
this building
but bend is the same with anna now the
building starts breaking and falls on
anna
anna remains under it unluckily some
part of the building also falls on ben
but later he was rescued on the other
side of the house
ben's son was pulled by his own
reflection but his mother released him
and start making her son fine but when
ben sees while coming outside the
building
he was seeing everything was written
backward he comes to know that he is now
in the mirror world
surely he was also dead and he could
never come outside the mirror
because all the mirrors of that place
were broken with this scene
this movie ends here thank you for
watching